
Q2. 
	 ● Explain difference between JPA and Hibernate.
	
	 
 Answer)   Here are some key difference between JPA and Hibernate:-
 
 
            1. Here Hibernate is an ORM software.There are so many companies making ORM softwares.

			2. Every company using their own API to create there ORM software.
			
			3. so if any user want to switch from one software to another software they can't because API is different for all this software.
			
			4. To overcome this problem oracle corporation devloped JPA api.
			
			5. so every ORM software have compoulsorly use JPA api in their software and they can also use their own api too.
			
			6. So basically JPA is specification and Hibernate is one of the famous implementation.
			
			7. JPA api belongs to "javax.persistence" package and hibernate api belongs to "org.hibernate " package.
			
			
	 ● Explain the Life-cycle of Entity class with example.
	 
 Answer)    Here is the life-cycle of Entity class:- 
 
            1. Presentation layer/ UI layer :- As in the name mentioned Presentation it means there is some classes in java that shows the input screen and also 
                                            output screen.It is interacting with the end user.
                                            
            2. Business logic layer/ Service layer :- As the name suggests programable implementation of Business services is known as Business Logic Layer.for 
                                                   example in Bank-project there is some methods that are meant to implements to calculate the interests on 
                                                   that amount so this is one type of business logic.
                                                   
            3. Data access layer :- In this layer some of the java classes and methods are mean to do CRUD operation with databaseserver.JDBC and DAO pattern are
                                 the example of this.In that we call a method to perform CRUDoperation on our sql database.
 
             	
			